Docs: Clarify triage process (#14117)
eslint/eslint: docs/maintainer-guide/issues.md

The first goal when evaluating an issue is to determine which category the issue falls into.

## Triaging Process

All of ESLint's issues, across all GitHub repositories, are managed on our [Triage Project](https://github.com/orgs/eslint/projects/2). Please use the Triage project instead of the issues list when reviewing issues to determine what to work on. The Triage project has several columns:

* **Needs Triage** - issues that have not yet been reviewed by anyone
* **Triaging** - issues that someone has reviewed but has not been able to fully triage yet
* **Ready for Dev Team** - issues that have been triaged and have all of the information necessary for the dev team to take a look
* **Evaluating** - the dev team is evaluating these issues to determine whether to move forward or not

> * **Waiting for RFC** - an RFC must be written for this issue to proceed

Author: ```suggestion
* **Waiting for RFC** - the next step in the process is for an RFC to be written
```

### When an Issue is Opened

> When an issue is opened, it is automatically added to the "Needs Triage" column in the Triage project. These issues need to be evaluated to determine next steps. Anyone on the support team or dev team can follow these steps to properly triage issues.

Author: ```suggestion
When an issue is opened, it is automatically added to the "Needs Triage" column in the Triage project. These issues need to be evaluated to determine next steps. Anyone on the support team or dev team can follow these steps to properly triage issues.

**Note:** If an issue is in the "Triaging" column, that means someone is already triaging it and you should let them finish. There's no need to comment on issues in the "Triaging" column unless someone asks for help.
```

            * "rule" - related to core rules

>         * Move the issue to the "Ready for Dev Team" column in the Triage project

Author: ```suggestion
        * If you can't properly triage the issue, move the issue back to the "Needs Triage" column in the Triage project so someone else can triage it
        * If you have triaged the issue, move the issue to the "Ready for Dev Team" column in the Triage project
```

    * **Breaking Changes:** if you suspect or can verify that a change would be breaking, label it as "Breaking".
    * **Duplicates:** if you can verify the issue is a duplicate, add a comment mentioning the duplicate issue (such as, "Duplicate of #1234") and close the issue.
1. Regardless of the above, always leave a comment. Don't just add labels, engage with the person who opened the issue by asking a question (request more information if necessary) or stating your opinion of the issue. If it's a verified bug, ask if the user would like to submit a pull request.

> 1. If an RFC is required, move the issue to the "Waiting for RFC" column and comment on the issue that an RFC is needed.

Author: "Waiting for RFC" means the next step in the process is to create an RFC. I'll update that text to be clearer.

> 1. If an RFC is required, move the issue to the "Waiting for RFC" column and comment on the issue that an RFC is needed.

Author: ```suggestion
1. If the issue has been accepted and an RFC is required as the next step, move the issue to the "Waiting for RFC" column and comment on the issue that an RFC is needed.
```
